[beepity-beep]
[broop]
D: When I was 18...
17 or 18...
...was where I first had that, like, realization, like...
...oh, I'm actually gonna die.
And it ssscared the FUCK out of me.
And was super depressing.
And like, I remember, like, going to 7/11
and getting a Slurpee..
And like seeing everyone else like...
...buying like products and shit, and I'm like...
WHO COULD BUY TWINKIES AT A TIME LIKE THIS?!
WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!!
You know... and I was like...
...it was so terrifying and then...
...years later I started thinking along these lines, like...
Oh...
like...
If I die...
[so many likes]
Nothing actually changes.
It's just the end of me, as like,
a system of memories, you know?
It's...
You get to be like a...
thinking animal.
On this one planet.
For a limited amout of time, and like...
Life is a sandbox game, you get to do
whatever the fuck you want.
You know?
Arin: Except pee in... in public.
D: Well, I do that too.
A: Well, that's against the law.
D: I do a lot of that actually.
My inevitable DEATH and DISINTEGRATION
makes me FUCKIN' CHILL.